Hi, this is Josh Iascau typing. I'm an undergraduate doing work in Theoretical 
High Energy Physics, as well as work in experiment for LIGO with detecting 
gravatational waves. I really appreciate you, Hank, and the other instructors 
for putting effort in a class like this. Although I might be one of the only 
Physics Students in this class, and one of the only students who isn't a CS 
Major, CS210 and CS211 has had such a profound impact on my work as an 
experimentalist; it's really not explainable. I often find myself running laps 
around current pHD students in Phyisics here at uo. I'm very excited to work 
with C, and do work over Linux and Vim. Thank you for continuing to think 
about us undergraduates, and I hope this class proves as helpfull as the 
previous.
Hi, this is Josh Iascau typing. I'm an undergraduate doing work in Theoretical 
High Energy Physics, as well as work in experiment for LIGO with detecting 
gravatational waves. I really appreciate you, Hank, and the other instructors 
for putting effort in a class like this. Although I might be one of the only 
Physics Students in this class, and one of the only students who isn't a CS 
Major, CS210 and CS211 has had such a profound impact on my work as an 
experimentalist; it's really not explainable. I often find myself running laps 
around current pHD students in Phyisics here at uo. I'm very excited to work 
with C, and do work over Linux and Vim. Thank you for continuing to think 
about us undergraduates, and I hope this class proves as helpfull as the 
previous.
Hi, this is Josh Iascau typing. I'm an undergraduate doing work in Theoretical 
High Energy Physics, as well as work in experiment for LIGO with detecting 
gravatational waves. I really appreciate you, Hank, and the other instructors
This is Line 26, with no wraps, and the last line of Pj1A.
